website/docs: enhance customization docs (#15081)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/customize/interfaces/flow/customization_flow.mdx

---
title: Customize a flow
---

> Typically, settings for flows are defined as defaults in the [Brand settings](../../../sys-mgmt/brands.md). Be aware that some flows are executed before the specific user is authenticated (for example, the `default-authentication-flow`!) thus before authentik knows which user is seeing the flow, so using default settings for all flows provides a more consistent experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, settings for flows are defined as defaults in the [Brand settings](../../../sys-mgmt/brands.md). However, it’s important to note that some flows are executed before the specific user is authenticated and thus before authentik can determine which user is viewing the flow (for example, the `default-authentication-flow`!). Consequently, using default settings for all flows ensures a more consistent user experience.
```

Two settings that you can configure per flow are the _background image_ for the flow, and the _layout_.

## Customize a flow's background image

> You can define a background image for:
> 
> - all flows, as the default, set in the instance's [brand](../../../sys-mgmt/brands.md)
> - [one or more specific flows](../../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/flow/index.md#flow-configuration-options) (overrides the default)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can define a:

- Default background image for all flows, set in the instance's [brand](../../../sys-mgmt/brands.md)
- A background image for [one or more specific flows](../../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/flow/index.md#flow-configuration-options) (overrides the default)

```
